c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.AzureTable.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.CustomVision.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Windows.Foundation.UniversalApiContract.winmd
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.dll.config
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.csproj.App.config
