c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.Android.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.Android.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.Android.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\AlienDetector.Android.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.AlienDetector.apk
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.AlienDetector-Signed.apk
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\AlienDetector.AlienDetector.apk
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\xml\file_paths.xml
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\alien.jpg
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\alien2.jpg
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.Android.dll.config
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.dll.config
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Mousheen\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\bin\Debug\AlienDetector.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\AlienDetector.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\AlienDetector.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Media.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Permissions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Mousheen\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\AlienDetector\AlienDetector\AlienDetector.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
